# DEFI
Welcome to the DeFinance Staking App, your gateway to decentralized finance (DeFi) staking on the blockchain! This open-source GitHub repository houses the codebase for our innovative staking application, designed to empower users to participate in staking activities and earn rewards seamlessly.

## Overview
### What is DeFinance?
DeFinance represents the intersection of decentralized finance and cutting-edge technology, providing users with a secure and transparent platform to stake their crypto assets. Staking involves locking up funds to support the operations of a blockchain network, contributing to its security and governance while earning rewards in return.

## Key Features
Intuitive User Interface: Our staking app boasts a user-friendly interface, ensuring both beginners and experienced users can navigate the platform effortlessly.

Multi-Chain Support: DeFinance supports staking across multiple blockchain networks, allowing users to diversify their staking portfolio and choose the network that aligns with their preferences.

Secure Wallet Integration: Users can connect their secure wallets to the DeFinance Staking App, providing a seamless and secure way to access and manage their staked assets.

Real-time Analytics: Stay informed about your staking activities with real-time analytics, including staking rewards, historical performance, and other relevant metrics.

Automated Rewards Distribution: The staking app streamlines the rewards distribution process, automatically crediting users with their earned tokens at regular intervals.

Governance Participation: Engage in the governance of supported blockchain networks by participating in voting and decision-making processes.

## Key Tokens
Stake Token: This ERC20 token is used for staking within the DApp. Users need to approve this token for the staking contract before staking.

Reward Token: Another ERC20 token generated by the staking process per second. Users earn these tokens as rewards for staking their stake tokens.

## How the Staking DApp Works
### Stake Tokens:

Users approve a certain amount of stake tokens to be staked within the DApp by interacting with the staking smart contract.
Generate Reward Tokens:

Once the stake tokens are staked, the smart contract generates reward tokens per second based on the staked amount.
Accumulate Rewards:

Users accumulate reward tokens over time as they keep their stake tokens staked within the DApp.

### Claim Rewards:

Users can claim their accumulated rewards by interacting with the smart contract using the getReward() function.
Unstake Tokens:

After a staking period or at any point, users can unstake their tokens using the appropriate function in the DApp to retrieve their staked tokens along with the accumulated rewards.
Smart Contract Instructions
1) Approve Stake Token
Before using the stake() function, ensure that you approve the stake token to the staking contract.

2) Transfer Reward Token
Before using the getReward() function, transfer the reward token to the staking contract.

## DApp Instructions
### Prerequisites
Metamask: Install Metamask to access the DApp.
## Steps to Deploy Smart Contracts
Deploy the staking, stake token, and reward token smart contracts.

Update the contract addresses of the staking contract and stake token in the utils/connectWallet.jsx file.
Running the DApp Locally
Navigate to the Client Directory
   ```
cd client
   ```
Install Dependencies

npm install
Start the Development Server
   ```
npm run dev
   ```


🚀 Welcome to our Git repo! Thanks for dropping by. Explore, contribute, and happy coding! 🙌 #OpenSourceMagic



